[Music]
your mother has locked you in a house
with a demon that's haunted you at night
and wants to eat your soul
there's no one here to help no one
around who believes you and now it's
possessed your mother
what do you do when you're a little kid
trapped in a house with a psychotic
adult who wants to murder you i'm going
to break down the mistakes made what you
should do and how to be the demonic
mother in
the babadook
[Music]
this boy is not safe samuel here is
having terrible nightmares and thinks
there's an evil
monster living in his closet but his
mother emilia doesn't believe him
together they search his room and find
nothing but the boy isn't convinced
she tells him to pick a book off the
shelf to read him a bedtime story but he
brings her a strange blood red cover
that she's never seen before
and has no idea where it came from the
story is about a demon called the
babadook who will enter your house
hide in your closet and haunts you in
the night when you're in bed
the kid starts to panic worried that
he'll be attacked in his sleep and the
mother has to read another story to help
him forget
but she doesn't realize that as soon as
they opened the book they were doomed
okay something is seriously wrong here
when a creepy children's book about a
demon that eats your soul has magically
appeared on your shelf and you know it's
not yours
you need to get rid of it immediately
this kid is already horrified that
something is haunting him and now we
have a book that almost proves
something supernatural is going on here
so we should be taking this kids
nightmares a lot more seriously
first of all this thing has no isbn
number or publishing information on it
so it didn't come from a bookstore
considering the fine artistry of the
drawings this skill it takes to make a
pop-up book and the horrifying subject
matter there's almost no chance it was
made by someone they know
the fact that it's a kid's pop-up book
and threatens you in rhyme
makes it even more horrifying and i've
seen way too many horror movies where
you invoke demons by reciting words
i wouldn't be taking this lightly and
even if you don't believe in demons
there are enough red flags here to at
least close the book to protect the kid
and start doing research
now according to folklore it's
classified as a demon which means it's a
highly intelligent being and has been
around forever it can shape-shift and
feeds off your fear and grief
the more miserable you are the more
powerful it gets until it possesses and
eats your soul
its name in hebrew means he will come
and it also cannot be destroyed
this is not the kind of thing you should
underestimate and there's no way i'm
keeping this book in my house
even if it's all made of nonsense i'm
not interested in taking these kinds of
risks
so instead of placing it above the
closet i would leave the book in front
of someone else's door
destroying it would be a natural
instinct but if it's real it's better
not to risk making it mad at you
the better move is to find a family you
don't like and leave the book in front
of their doorstep and move on with your
life
maybe we won't have to attend our
neighbor's stupid barbecue birthdays
anymore and it's a win for everyone else
in the neighborhood too the next morning
the mother is woken up by a loud noise
she runs downstairs and finds her son
wearing a catapult strapped to his back
just as he launches a cricket ball
straight through a window he built it to
fight off the monster in his room but
when his mother dresses him for school
she tells him to stop talking about the
babadook
later that day the mother goes to pick
up her son from school but the principal
asks to be with her
she finds out the boy brought a homemade
crossbow to class and nearly hurt
someone
he's been a danger to his schoolmates
and needs to be removed from the others
with a private teacher to supervise him
offended the mother quickly decides to
pull her son out of the school and they
try to convince her out of it but she's
made up her mind
she thinks she's protecting her son but
this is exactly what the babadook wants
and she's playing
right into his hands she joins her
sister claire at the park and makes
plans for the kids birthday party while
her son plays by himself near the swing
set
the mother finds out that her niece
doesn't want to have a joint celebration
with her son this year and her sister
suggests she celebrates the kid's actual
birthday but she can't
it's the same day her husband died in a
car crash and she's doing everything she
can
to not think about it okay that's some
heavy emotional baggage and i sympathize
but choosing this scary looking book
when your kid is already having
nightmares doesn't just make you a
terrible mom
but it's also about to ruin their lives
if i was six years old
right about now i'd be wanting to play
some pokemon or watch spongebob now play
jumpscare the book with my mom
these two need to relax turn their brain
off and have some fun
and right now only one game can save
them because just like they're not
expecting their lives to be overtaken by
a pop-up demon
you're not expecting raid shadow legends
because this game
is literally going to save their lives
while this kid's mom wants to act normal
and leave her alone
the best way he can prepare for war
without getting caught is by training
while playing a game that has millions
of players
gorgeous graphics and dozens of tough
bosses use my links below to download
rage yourself to your mobile phone or pc
he should join the entirely new playable
shadowkin faction they've been under the
brutal heel of the demon spawn for the
last several hundred years
only in the past few months have they
overthrown their ruler siroth so we need
to learn from them what we can
especially ginturo obero fnatic and
conscript were my personal go-to's for
obvious reasons
just like sacrificing your friends in a
death game the tavern is a cool system
where you can level up champions by
sacrificing lower level ones
you can enjoy the view of a dragon
swallowing a princess hole 30 seconds
into the game
or practice using my personal favorite a
soul drinker attack to think like the
babadook by using his main weapon
and this month raid's releasing 11
amazing new champions and if that's not
enough
they're also adding five toughness
levels to almost every single dungeon in
the game
so kick back relax and use my link in
the description to download raids so you
can summon awesome champions and play
demons to beat your demons
thank you to raid for sponsoring this
video now back to the story
the real legend here is this kid because
he's inventing catapults and crossbows
from household
items and it's all because he thinks
he's going to get killed by a demon
he's even using his playground time to
imagine how he's going to fight it off
and that exhibits a lot more bravery to
face his fears than his mother is
showing and she's making the situation
even worse pulling us out of school
means we'll have to spend all day at
home with a demon that wants to eat our
souls
if we tell anyone this story nobody will
believe us so the first thing we need is
credibility
i would tell the principal of my school
that the darken was meant to be used
against my mother's abusive boyfriend
even though this is a lie it immediately
calls the mother's judgment into
question
and bringing a crossbow to school will
become the least important issue in this
situation
to a six-year-old this is the best power
move you can make because it gives me
leverage over my own mother and i can
use that leverage to force her to take
this babadook thing
seriously now we have to figure out how
to protect ourselves
this is mr babadook's book therefore it
doesn't just tell us a scary story
it tells us what his rules are i would
be studying every single line and try to
use it as an instruction manual to beat
him
the first rule here is that you can't
get rid of the babadook
it's one of the first lines in the book
so burning it will not solve any of our
problems
the second rule is that there might be a
way to befriend it but only if we are
clever enough to see
now this one is a bit cryptic but the
payoff here would be huge
because it suggests that there are
specific conditions that can turn the
babadook into an ally
if we know we can't get rid of it then
friendship is the only way to live with
this thing safely
living with a demon can be scary but as
long as it does the dishes and takes up
the trash i'm willing to make
concessions
another rule seems to be that he first
appears in disguise and the book says
that when he reveals his true form it's
going to be worse than death
there's also another clue here because
the babadook says let me in but in the
picture he's already inside the house
he's not talking about being let into
the house he wants
in to your body this means he's a
shape-shifter and can possess
anybody from this point forward we need
to consider that anyone could be the
babadook at any moment and not trust a
soul without a foolproof way to make
sure it's really them
lastly the babadook is willing to
negotiate here it says he'll make a
wager but it also tells us that if we
deny his existence
it only makes him more powerful now
giving him more power is the last thing
we want so i would acknowledge his
presence and ask him directly what he
wants
negotiation requires communication and
that's a place to start
if none of this works then just offer
the dog as a parting gift and move
out of the house the next day the mother
is late for work
and since her son has been pulled from
school he'll have to stay with his aunt
until the mother gets back home but she
makes him promise
not to talk about the babadook while
he's there returning to pick up her son
she gets out her phone and finds 10
missed calls all from her sister
she runs in and finds her boy sitting in
the driveway and claire here is furious
she tells her that he was screaming at
some imaginary person called the
babadook and it was freaking both of
them out
frustrated by dealing with this alone he
throws a firecracker on the ground in
anger
she takes him back home and in the car
asks him where he got the firecrackers
telling him the babadook isn't real
the kid threatens that it will creep
into her room and eat her insides if
she's not careful but she's had enough
and won't let him celebrate his birthday
as punishment
okay this is toxic parenting 101 if a
parent pulls this kind of crap they
shouldn't be surprised when we act out
now for anyone who wasn't allowed to
close their own bedroom doors or was
blamed for every little thing that went
wrong
we'll know that bad parenting is not
uncommon but it's important to point out
that when there's an actual demonic
force brought into the equation
this literally turns your childhood into
a survival scenario
kids are completely powerless and even
making a rational counter argument can
get you in more trouble so eventually
we'll find ourselves grounded
and locked in a room with a demon that
she doesn't believe exists
there's still a way we can control
what's happening though considering what
we know about this creature it's a demon
with higher intelligence which means
it's capable of bargaining i would sell
out my parents if i thought i could take
care of two problems at once
the babadook must promise not to harm me
and i will give him everything he needs
to haunt the mother
it sounds like revenge and it is but it
also helps me achieve my goal of
convincing her that this thing is real
and she'll finally be willing to help
get rid of this demon
once and for all that night at dinner
they're eating together quietly but the
mother
suddenly winces in pain reaching into
her mouth she finds a glass shard was in
her soup and panics
she checks her son's bowl but realizes
that the glass was only in hers
the kid insists that the babadook did it
but she accuses him of trying to hurt
her and sends him away
the mother leaves sam watching tv in the
living room and heads upstairs but when
she turns the corner she sees the kid
dart into her room
walking through the door she looks
around and there's no sign of him
anywhere but on her bed she finds a very
same photo from the basement and it's
been vandalized
this is the last straw she confronts her
son about this and he immediately goes
to grab his catapult but she stops him
suddenly he pushes her to the ground and
asks if she wants to die
she doesn't know what to say and can
only watch as the boy picks up his
catapult and storms off to hunt down the
monster
okay it might not look like it but this
was a heartwarming family moment
the mother thinks her son was
threatening to kill her but actually
all he wanted to do was protect her his
mother is already being haunted and
instead
she sees her six-year-old son as the
enemy so we need to use the same tactic
as the babadook and manipulate her fear
and anger in the right direction
the best way to do this is by
gaslighting her to drive her mental
instability out into the open
in front of others she already thinks
it's our fault so we might as well take
it to the limit and see if she cracks
i would bang on her door in the middle
of the night move things around the
house
and turn the tv on at max volume to make
a stronger impression that the house was
haunted by a more conventional ghost
as long as we don't get caught it's
going to scare her enough to confront
the issue
and she might either investigate the
paranormal activity or be too afraid to
stay and sell the house
if she doesn't then the neighbor will be
able to see how the mother is getting
worse
and this woman would just love any
excuse to meddle
frustrated with her son's behavior the
mother goes into the kitchen for some
peace and quiet
but notices the ceiling light starts to
flicker upstairs her son hears something
and walks towards the closet but when he
sees what's inside he screams in terror
the boy is traumatized by whatever he
saw and she tries to get him to calm
down but when she looks up to see the
demon's book on the shelf
she knows what she needs to do ripping
the pages into shreds she's had enough
of her son's fantasies
walking outside she throws the book into
the trash thinking it's the last she'll
see of it but the babadook is just
getting started
the next morning the mother hears the
knock at the door when she opens it
she looks down and is shocked to find
the bubba duck's book on her doorstep
taking it inside the house she flips
through the pages and discovers they've
been put back together
this time the story is speaking directly
to her as she finds pictures of her
killing the dog
strangling her son and ending her own
life
afraid to read any further she takes it
outside where she pours gasoline
over the book and sets it on fire right
in front of sam but it's already too
late because the babadook isn't done
with them yet
they go to his cousin's birthday party
and everyone is having a good time
except for sam he's still terrified of
the babadook and hides in the corner of
a tree house
his cousin finds him and mocks him for
not having a dad and that no one wants
him
this was one step too far furious he
pushes her out of the tree house and she
breaks her nose from the fall
he's causing trouble again and has given
his mother one more reason to hate him
leaving the birthday party his mother
breaks down and yells at him to just be
normal
that's when the boy's eyes roll back
into his head as he begins to have a
seizure and the mother realizes that
this is a lot more serious than she
thought
she takes him to the hospital where he's
given a complete checkup and the doctor
tells her there's nothing medically
wrong with her kid
he's had a severe anxiety attack and is
under a lot of stress
she begs the doctor to prescribe
sleeping pills to help him and the
doctor agrees
relieved she's finally going to get some
peace away from her problem child but
doesn't realize that her problems are
about to get a whole lot worse
okay this doctor is not helping if
you're being forced to take medication
that you don't need then we need to do
something about this
immediately especially since these drugs
will leave us completely vulnerable
against the babadook
the good news is we can use these
sleeping pills against the mother and
beat the bubba duck at his own game
first i would steal a handful while
she's on looking make her tea
and spike it with enough medication to
knock her out cold
now nobody in their right mind will let
a six-year-old put a kettle on but if
it's already been made i doubt she would
turn it down
it will look like a nice gesture and the
flavor will disguise the taste of the
pills
according to the book as long as she
continues to deny the babadook's
existence the more powerful
it becomes the advantage here is that if
the mother is unconscious
she has no opinion about the babadook
and it drains his power
these pills give us the leverage we need
to negotiate with the babadook and find
out what he wants
later at home she asks her son to take a
pill so he can go to sleep and he's
skeptical at first but when she
reassures him it will make the babadook
go away
he agrees to take it with one condition
he will stop talking about the monster
if she swears to protect him
that night the mother's washing the
dishes and looks up through the kitchen
window but is frozen in fear as she sees
the babadook in her neighbor's house
sam interrupts her to say he's tired but
when she turns back the babadook is gone
she tries hard to get some rest but
can't shake the feeling that someone is
watching her
suddenly she hears noises from outside
the room and when she sits up
something opens the door the babadook
crawls into the ceiling and lunges at
her
jumping out of bed she takes her son and
moves them both downstairs
the mother refuses to sleep and stays up
to watch tv but the demon
still won't leave her alone the mother
has no idea how much time has passed and
starts to look for her son but she hears
something in the kitchen
she turns on the light and catches them
on the phone with their neighbor
asking for help yanking the phone out of
his hand she tells it they're fine and
hangs up
before reaching into the drawer and
pulling out a kitchen knife
the boy is terrified as his mother walks
to the living room to cut the phone line
now there's no way to contact the
outside world and no one is coming to
help
okay this woman is becoming a total
psycho and when your mom starts waving a
kitchen knife around the house and
cutting phone lines you know it's time
to leave
the problem is the babadook's influence
on the mother is getting stronger and
this kid has zero freedom to escape
but if we were paying attention there's
one ability that we can take advantage
of here to call for help
anytime the babadook comes out the
lights start to flicker which means he
has control over electricity in the
house
we can't make a phone call anymore and
she won't let us leave the house so what
i would do is find a flashlight and use
it to signal a neighbor through the
window of my bedroom
it's battery powered so the babadook
can't interfere with it and if we stay
in the bedroom the mother won't bother
us because she thinks we're asleep
the neighbor will notice the flashing
light and investigate herself or call
the cops or we can tell them the mother
is a danger to us and to herself and
they'll have no choice but to
investigate the claims
later that night after sending sam to
bed the mother sees the lights in the
house start flickering
she slowly turns around and is horrified
to find the babadook coming straight for
her
she runs into another room and
barricades the door with the chair
hoping it will keep the monster out but
now it's climbing down the chimney and
is entering her
room the mother tries to crawl away but
there's no escape
the babadook lunges at her and possesses
her body
she is now one with the demon and the
boy is in grave danger
sam here peeks through the crack in the
door and looks at his mother watching tv
but he knows something is wrong the dog
runs out of the room and starts barking
at her but that was bugsy's biggest
mistake
she runs after the dog chasing it into
the kitchen and picks it up before
brutally snapping its neck
okay this is the best thing that could
have possibly happened
it's sad to lose a good dog but with
this one death we can pretty much
confirm that the babadook has possessed
the mother
and that's great news when it's an evil
demonic spirit
it can be anywhere at any time and haunt
you in any way it wants
but now that it's taken a physical body
we can control it in ways we couldn't
before
going to fold kevin mcallister here
would be a great way to attack him
without putting ourselves at risk
if the spiritual force was confined to
the household then dragging her outside
would free her from the demon's control
and we could leave for good but if this
didn't work i would chain my mother to
the basement for as long as it takes
i know it's cruel but the babadook
wouldn't want to stay in a body that had
no freedom to move around
and it would be compelled to leave her
as soon as it does the mother wouldn't
be able to deny what happened and admit
that it's finally time to get the
out of the house she sees her son run up
to his room and chases after the boy to
feed on his soul
finding the door locked she kicks it
open and sam here is frozen in fear as
he watches his mother float across the
room
just like the babadook she tells him she
wished he had died instead of his father
and wants to smash his head against a
brick wall
but sam has been planning for this
moment she follows him into the basement
and gets caught by the tripwire he set
up
she's sent tumbling down the stairs and
is knocked out cold
when she wakes up sam has tied her down
to the floor and there's no way to
escape
he tells her that he'll love her even if
she doesn't love him back but they need
to get the babadook out of the house
slipping out of her restraints she
manages to grab her son
and begins to strangle him instead of
fighting back he reaches out and touches
her face in love
even as she's killing him overwhelmed
with emotion she tosses him off of her
and starts to convulse finally on the
floor turning over
she vomits up a black liquid and
collapses in exhaustion
the boy runs over to his mother and
gives her a hug as he realizes she has
returned and the babadook has left her
body
together they leave the basement and
head for the front door to get help but
the boy
suddenly gets pulled up the stairs the
monster has taken her son
and now she has to rescue him running
into her bedroom she sees him get thrown
into the wall
and doesn't know what to do picking him
up off the floor they jump into the bed
but the bubba duck starts shaking the
entire frame
helpless she begs to know what it wants
and the bed suddenly stops moving the
babadook tries to take her kid away but
she pulls him back into her arms
screaming at the monster in pure rage
now that the mother has no fear the
babadook is powerless and it runs
downstairs into the basement to hide
the demon can't be destroyed and he will
never leave but they've defeated him and
now
she can move on days later the mother is
gardening in her backyard
and finds a worm in the ground dropping
it in a bowl of other night crawlers
she takes it into the basement and
leaves them out for the babadook who is
now prisoner in their home
joining her son in the backyard the
mother wishes sam a happy birthday and
hugs him
finally free from the monsters in her
closet but what do you think
how would you beat the babadook let me
know with a comment down below
thank you so much for watching leave a
like and subscribe and check out the how
to beat playlist
for more videos like this until next
time have a damn good day